Add gated docs (#797)
huggingface/text-generation-inference: docs/source/basic_tutorials/gated_model_access.md

### Serving Private & Gated Models

> If the model you wish to serve is behind gated access or the model repository on Hugging Face Hub is private, and you have the access to the model, you can provide your Hugging Face Hub access token. To do so, simply head to [Hugging Face Hub tokens page](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens), copy a token with READ access and export `HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN=<YOUR READ TOKEN>` in CLI.
> 
> If you would like to do it through Docker, you can provide your token like below.
> 
> ```shell
> model=meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf
> volume=$PWD/data # share a volume with the Docker container to avoid downloading weights every run
> token=<your cli READ token>
> 
> docker run --gpus all --shm-size 1g -e HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN=$token -p 8080:80 -v $volume:/data ghcr.io/huggingface/text-generation-inference:1.0.0 --model-id $model
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the model you wish to serve is behind gated access or the model repository on Hugging Face Hub is private, and you have access to the model, you can provide your Hugging Face Hub access token. You can generate and copy a read token from [Hugging Face Hub tokens page](https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens)

If you're using the CLI, set the `HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN` environment variable.

 ```
 HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN=<YOUR READ TOKEN>`
```

If you would like to do it through Docker, you can provide your token as shown below

```shell
model=meta-llama/Llama-2-7b-chat-hf
volume=$PWD/data
token=<your cli READ token>

docker run --gpus all --shm-size 1g -e HUGGING_FACE_HUB_TOKEN=$token -p 8080:80 -v $volume:/data ghcr.io/huggingface/text-generation-inference:1.0.0 --model-id $model
```
```
